GSTS

Provide an overview on your academic/research progress to date.
Review your goals for the current academic year and summarize your progress towards meeting those goals. Outline accomplishments in research, courses, leadership, entrepreneurship and community service, etc.
Please limit your response to 250 words or less.

Completed all the course requirements for my program and the research qualification exam in the past year. 
 
Developed a system for mode switch assistance that would maximize human intent disambiguation and published in RSS 2017. 

Presented my work on Human-in-the-loop Optimization of Shared Autonomy in Assistive Robotics at CASE in August 2016. 

Workshop submission at Midwest Robotics Workshop 2017. 

Worked on the development a potential field based reactive controller for the arm and developed the code base such that it could be easily integrated into any project. 

Was also accepted into COSMO summer school in August. 

Future goals:
	1.  I will also be investigating into a Fisher Information based disambiguation metric and improve the current system. A full fledged study with SCI subjects will also be performed. The plan is to convert the conference paper into a journal paper.
	2. The human intent disambiguation scheme work is also the departure point for a framework that would cast human-robot interaction in information-theoretic terms. In the coming year, I hope to identify the theme for thesis proposal (as this is due in Summer 2018) and plan to submit a paper (possibly conference), which would outline the basic elements of information theoretic formulations of HRI. 
	3. I would complete my teaching requirements this coming year.
	4. I am also hoping to be part of collaborative projects with other members in the lab related to model learning and user preference modeling. 

Please rate yourself and provide a brief justification.
Effectiveness in Communication with Advisor
Please rate yourself and provide a brief justification.	
Rating Scale: 5-excellent, 4- very good, 3- average, 2- needs improvement, 1- poor

Work Ethic
Please rate yourself and provide a brief justification.
Rating Scale: 5-excellent, 4- very good, 3- average, 2- needs improvement, 1- poor

Collaborative Teamwork
Please rate yourself and provide a brief justification.
Rating Scale: 5-excellent, 4- very good, 3- average, 2- needs improvement, 1- poor	



Goals for Academic/Research Progress for Upcoming Year
Provide a brief narrative outlining your academic and research goals for the upcoming academic year.


Comments on Experience
Please comment on your positive experience during the last year. Discuss any difficulties encountered in the PhD program and any extra help that could be provided. 

Research Topic
Provide a brief overview (or title) of your current research topic.
